>> Speaker 1: So I have a question about
using the time out function console
log.
>> Will Sentance: When you were asked to
setTimeout on a console log,
some of you passed the call to the console
log built in function straight in,
instead of a function declaration.
When I write this,
when I write console.log('hello'),
is that storing a function?
>> Speaker 3: No.
>> Will Sentance: Is that
declaring a function?
No, right?
It's saying do this immediately, right?
It's saying, run this.
So if I pass in a thing being called
into that place in which I should be
passing a function definition.
So I should be passing a function
definition in the setTimeout,
what's gonna be passed down here?
If I pass, though, a running of
a function, it's just gonna do it.
And now that's gonna
evaluate to something,
which will then be passed in here,
but that's no use to us.
So if I pass an immediate invocation,
immediately running the function
into my call to setTimeout, then yeah,
I'm gonna do it immediately.
So it's gonna happen first.
Does that make sense, everyone?
If I were to,
instead of defining printHello
as wrapping a printing of console
log Hello, console logging Hello.
But instead just pass in
console log Hello, well,
it's gonna do it immediately before
I even start doing setTimeout.
It's got ahead of its
parameter being done.
If it says invoke it, it's gonna do that
before I even start doing setTimeout.
So it's gonna be immediate.
Does that make sense as
to why that happened?
Okay, because that happened
to Lindsay as well.